He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.

The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.

Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.

I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.

The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.

Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.

We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.

He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.

I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.

I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.

We have a lot of rain in June.

The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.

He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.

They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.

Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.

Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.

It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.

Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.

We need to rent a room for our party.

There are no heroes in a punk rock band.

Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.

I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.

He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.

I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.

As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse.

The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.

All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.

For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.

The book is in front of the table.

She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.

I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.

The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.

Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.

She was too short to see over the fence.

The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.

I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.

It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.

She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.

The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.

Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.

People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.

She had the gift of being able to paint songs.